I swear to God. I didn't think
that dude was gonna stop pissing.
I know. So stop-start.
It was like your driving.
That bad?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Agh!
Oh. my God it's...
Argh! He's fuckin' dead!
Oh shit. his dick's on fire!
Jesus Christ!
Happy Saturday!
You're listening to Pink Flag
on Tasmanian East Coast local radio.
And joining me now is
Deadloch Mayor. Aleyna Rahme.
Good morning. Nance.
The Deadloch Winter Feastival starts tomorrow.
It's our 14-day festival
of food. wine and culture
and we're doing a ticket giveaway
for the Klama.
- That's the Feastival's
- Hellenic screaming ceremony...
...so call in quick to win those.
Alright.
it's time for some music.
Ah. this is Indigo Girls. I believe.
Oh. lovely.
♪ Can't stay at home.
can't stay at school ♪
♪ Old folks say.
"You poor little fool" ♪
♪ Down the streets
I'm the girl next door ♪
♪ I'm the fox
you've been waiting for ♪
♪ Hello. Daddy. hello. Mom ♪
♪ I'm your ch-ch-ch-cherry bomb ♪
♪ Hello. world...
No! Fern. no! No!
Use the voice. Dulce.
She needs the hierarchy reinforced.
- Good girl!
- Good girl.
- Good girl... Good girl!
Oh. my mooncup's still in.
Keep going.
Good girl! Good girl.
Lower. Dulce. lower!
Good girl. Good girl.
- Hey. no. this is an armhole.
- Dulce. your phone. It's Abby.
I'm gonna go and check on Ray's donkey.
His leg swelled up
like a gonad. apparently.
- OK. I love you. Bye!
- I love you.
Ah. good morning Constable.
Oh. before I forget.
I've spoken to Rachel.
Ah. hold on. Constable.
Sorry. who?
Rachel. From choir.
She's married to Elaine. the mezzo.
Yep. yep. right.
Well Rachel used to be
married to Geoff Haddick
but now she's selling her farm
up near Margaret's
'cause Geoff tried to burn it down
'cause she left him for Elaine
in the choir.
Anyway. I said we'd
go and check it out tomorrow. OK?
Love you! Bye!
Sorry. check what out?
The hobby farm. to buy it.
That's a... a bit premature. isn't it?
Well it's just a squiz. We've been
here for five years. Bye. Fernie!
Be good for Mummy D.
Bye. sexy. I love you.
Argh! Look at that bum!
I'll never get over it.
OK. love you! Bye! Love you!
Ah. Constable. if this is about
the 'all cops are bastards' graffiti
on the Davis's bin.
I am looking right at it.
- Why wasn't I alerted to this earlier?
- Sorry. ma'am.
Cath said not to
call you after hours.
because you're doing no devices
between seven and seven
for work-life balance.
A dead body trumps
work-life balance. Constable.
I'll remember that for next time. ma'am.
Where is your uniform.
Constable Alderman?
Oh. I thought I'd still make yoga.
'Cause I bought. like. a five-day pass.
You won't be going to yoga.
- That's the Deadloch Football Club logo.
- I know.
- That's half-shark. half-truck.
- Yeah. I know.
That says Trent Latham.
Ma'am. I think it's Trent Latham.
Yeah. that's what we said. Abby!
Tammy. my title is
Constable Matsuda now!
Damn it.
OK.
Run me through it.
Through what happened. Can you
run me through what happened?
Yes.
Um. the station got a call at 5:35am
saying that a body had been found
on the beach
by cousins Tammy Hampson
and Miranda Hoskins.
both 17.
and students at Deadloch High...
They're just sitting over there. Dulce.
Yeah. I know who they are. Sven.
Thank you.
- Just there.
- Hi. Miss!
How's your new rescue dog?
Ah. she's settling in.
Have you two been drinking?
- Nah. Miranda's got gastro. eh.
- Six UDLs. I'm smashed.
Any sign of his personal effects?
His clothes? Phone?
No. ma'am.
I did spot several nangs
in the bushes. Dulce.
Yes. I think those nangs
are pre-existing. Sven.
Ma'am...
do you think he's been murdered?
Not for us to say. Constable.
Our job is to secure the scene
and not touch anything.
I'll get onto forensics.
Oh. um...
I think they're actually
already on their way. ma'am.
They're what?
Sorry. ma'am. it's just that
I couldn't call you
because I'm scared of Cath.
and I think that the Deadloch Police
got in trouble
last time they moved a dead body.
like. a few years ago.
So I called the forensic pathologist
and he said he'd call forensics
and Commissioner Hastings.
so I didn't embarrass myself.
So that's what he did.
He called them.
There is a chain of command. Constable.
Yes. ma'am.
Full disclosure. Dulcie?
I don't know what I'm doing.
Also. I'm supposed to do
a wedding dress fitting later today.
I'll move it.
Tammy. delete that photo
or I will throw your phone into the sea.
- Commissioner Hastings.
- Senior Sergeant Connell.
Ah. Collins. sir.
I hear you've got a nude body
down there.
Bit of excitement
for sleepy old Deadloch!
Yes. and from my preliminary inspection
it does appear to be a homicide. sir.
She been sexually assaulted?
The victim is male. sir.
Is it? Right.
This sort of thing.
you just presume it's a woman.
Anyway. forensics'll be there shortly.
but all of Tassie Homicide
has been pulled onto
the Princess Mary tour as security.
so... you're in charge. OK?
Me? Um...
OK. yes. Yep. right.
Just until tomorrow.
Right. Uh-huh
We've recruited an interstate detective
to lead the case.
I'll send some boys
from Carnage Bay station to help out.
Detective will want to
hit the ground running.
so you just start the
bread and butter stuff for 'em. yeah?
Actually sir. I just. um.
I need to take a moment
to run this assignment up the chain.
I am the chain. Connell.
What's the problem?
Have you forgotten
how to be a homicide detective?
Ah no. sir. but I do need to
have a discussion with my wife and...
Connell. I think you're mistaking
this for an invitation.
when. actually. it's an order.
You will be conducting the case
until the lead detective arrives. OK?
Yes. sir. Yes. sir.
Right. I'm going to have to
leave you to it.
A wombat just shat on Prince Mary.
Ah. pardon me. sir.
Who are they sending?
Is it a... a Sydney detective?
Nuh. some cowboy from Darwin.
A detective Eddie Redcliffe.
You fuckin' shanked that. Ronny.
Oi. Dolph hasn't seen his Dad.
Where the fuck's Coach?
Ken. back behind the tape. please!
Is it a dead whale. Dulcie?
Abby. keep the perimeter secure.
Yes. ma'am! Sorry. ma'am!
- Hi. Cath!
- Hi. Abby.
Sven. stay here.
I need to notify Trent's wife before
she hears about this from a dog walker.
- Dulcie!
- Aleyna!
Did you swim up here?
Yes I did. like a Russian sub.
What's going on?
- Did Kevin take a dog?
- No. no. no!
I keep saying that bloody animal
needs to be euthanised. Dulcie.
It attacked a Jack Russell yesterday.
Imagine if that dog was a tourist.
OK. it is not the harbour seal.
Aleyna. and you cannot be in here.
Oh. please. I'm a doctor
and I'm the Mayor of the town.
I've seen my fair share...
Oh. crap. that's a body.
OK. Aleyna. you need to
get behind the tape. please.
- Who is it? Is it a local?
- I cannot...
Dulcie. Amanda Palmer
didn't arrive for Feastival yesterday.
Her event was sold out!
Do you want me to establish
time of death?
- No!
- It's just a thermometer up the arsehole.
No. I need you to put nothing
up anything. Aleyna.
- Cath.
- Hi. sexy!
Nadiyah and I just went for brunch.
She's joining the choir.
What's going on?
Not another dead whale. is it?
Uh. no. No.
- Um. it's a body.
- Oh. my God.
Who is it?
Cath. am I on speaker?
It's not a friend is it. Dulce?
No. It's... no.
OK. Is it a homicide?
Uh. it looks like it. yep.
Who's working the case?
- Um...
- Dulce?
At the moment. me.
Dulce. you promised.
No more detective work.
But it's... It is just until
the lead detective arrives.
He... he...
The detective comes tomorrow.
Oh. OK.
Well. are you OK?
Are you hungry?
I can get you a breakfast brioche.
No. I am fine. thanks. love.
- I do need to notify next of kin.
- Hey. how's it going?
Tom! What are you doing here?
Tammy sent me a photo.
Oh shit! That's Trent Latham!
- Trent Latham?
Which one's Trent again?
Trent!
Vanessa! No! Ugh!
Vanessa! No! Stop!
No. no. No. no. no. Vanessa!
You can't!
Ow!
Trent!
- Mine!
- Tammy. no!
Trent!
Baby!
Vanessa. I just need to
ask you a few questions
before the lead detective
arrives tomorrow.
- Was there any time...
- Sorry. Sorry.
The bakery ran out of breakfast brioche.
so I got you fruit toast.
- OK.
- Is that OK?
Alright. Yep. thank you. love.
Thanks.
It's watermelon and mint.
- OK. thanks. Thanks. Cath.
- Sorry!
- No. that's...
- Didn't get you guys anything.
That's really OK. Cath.
Thank you. Alright.
Um...
Uh. Vanessa. it's important that we
figure out your husband's movements.
- Were you with Trent last night?
- Yes. at home.
OK. and what did your night entail?
We ate tuna mornay.
watched Ninja Warrior.
and then at 11pm we went to bed...
...and made love.
Right. and can anyone verify that?
My son. Dolph.
He probably heard. didn't you?
Uh...
OK. and. um...
Did you hear Trent
leave the house at all?
No. I already told you.
I woke up this morning
and Trent was just gone.
I thought he was at footy training.
At 7am.
When will the real detective arrive?
Ah. shortly. Would Trent have
taken his mobile with him. Vanessa?
Am I gonna have to
say all this to him as well?
If you could just answer the question?
Of course he would have
had his phone on him.
Did you check his pockets?
He was naked. Oh. my God!
Ah... um...
Trent went to
the Beast Factory gym yesterday.
- but it was closed to the public...
- Yes. for deodorising.
OK. and what about his brother. Gavin?
It's my understand that
he co-owns the gym.
Was he helping out his brother
with the... to deodorise the...
No. Gavin was down at the harbour.
putting decals on the boat
for their new business. Pro-Bro.
It's protein.
For bros.
Vanessa. was Trent involved in
any illegal activity?
No!
Trent was a pillar of this community.
His family are a Deadloch dynasty.
They've been here since the '60s.
I mean. everybody in Deadloch
loved Trent. didn't they?
Didn't they?
Oh. Sven. we need to check all
the trail cameras along the beachfront
for vision from last night.
Hopefully there's one that
hasn't been smashed in.
Yeah. absolutely.
Now who do I delegate that to?
Ah. yourself. Sven.
You go down there
and you look at the cameras yourself.
Oh. right. right. right. right.
OK. hang tight. peeps. Bye!
Any word on the autopsy?
The forensic pathologist
can't do it today.
He's on a bike ride.
Uh-huh. Mm-hm.
About fuckin' time you cunts showed up!
Been calling youse all morning.
Some cunt stole me copper wire.
Got six grand worth of crays
going off in the deep freeze.
We're not here about
the copper wire. Gavin.
Oh. this is about fuckin' Sharelle
and that restraining order?
How many times I gotta tell you. OK?
It is not my fault
if the only Deadloch pub
that I haven't been banned from
is the one that she works at.
- Gavin. listen.
- What?
Your brother's body showed up
on Deadloch Beach this morning.
Fuck!
Oh...
Oh. fuck!
Are you shitting me?
You're pulling my dick. aren't ya?
No. I'm not doing that.
I'm very sorry. Gavin.
Fuck!
Oh...
Well. I know who fuckin' did it.
It was fuckin' bitch Mayor.
Or it was that fuckin'
singing bitch on the bike.
Or that fuckin' dyke lesbian chef bitch.
She said she wanted to
kill me and Trent heaps.
And she said she wanted to kill
fuckin' Sam. and probably Jimmy too.
Oh. she's a fuckin' man-hater!
When was the last time
you saw Trent. Gavin?
- I didn't fuckin' do it!
- That is not what I'm asking.
Yesterday I was doing the boat.
and yesterday night I was here
with me mate Jimmy.
Oi. Jimmy. get out here!
What?
Fuck. mate... Trent's dead.
Fuck!
- I was here with you last night. wasn't I Jimmy?
- No. don't answer that!
- Yeah.
- Yeah. see? - No. don't answer that!
You shut up.
I was fuckin' here. wasn't I?
- I said yeah!
- Alright. well. fuck off. Jimmy!
What happened to
your windscreen. Gavin?
What happened to your windscreen?
Are you fuckin' serious? I've told you this a million times.
The Chinese mafia did that to me.
They're fuckin' after me.
Or it was Sharelle.
Fuckin' charge her too.
I know what you fuckin' femmos
think of me. alright? I see it.
But it's a double standard.
'cause I'm the victim here.
I'll ask you to stop pacing.
if possible. Gavin.
- Have you seen Trent's mobile?
- Nuh.
Any idea where it might be?
Trent's dead.
I loved that cunt like a brother.
He was your brother.
Fuck! My brother!
Hey! Hey!
Claire!
Ma'am. Cath called to remind you
about Skye's menu tasting tonight.
- Uh-huh.
- I think she thinks I'm your PA.
Did you forget?
- Ah. no. no.
- It starts in five minutes.
Of course not. Uh-huh.
It should be illegal to ride a bike
at night with no lights.
It is illegal.
- Forensics are just. uh. packing up.
- Right.
Hey. look at this board!
Did you go to Officeworks?
I did.
Did forensics find anything?
Ah. nothing. no.
No clothing. no fabric fibres.
no DNA. no footprints.
- Hey. don't do that!
- Oh. this is cerulean!
I love cerulean.
Sorry. Sven. you're saying they
didn't find any evidence anywhere?
- Ah. well. they did find more nangs.
- Great.
How'd you go with the trail cameras?
All smashed to bits.
I think because of the nangs.
What about the cameras at the harbour?
Yes. I didn't check them
because I wasn't aware they existed.
They do.
Was that Cath?
She messaged me too.
Yeah.
I really have to...
OK. I'm off.
I've still gotta clean
the penis graffiti off the school desks
before the Carnage Bay cops
arrive tomorrow morning
for the briefing.
But I could finish
the rest of the board.
Don't touch the board!
OK.
Evening. Jimmy.
Yeah. good. thanks.
You got any idea why that
security camera's smashed?
Dunno.
Birds?
Ah. this vessel you're on
belongs to Phil McGangus. correct?
Depends who's asking.
Ah. me.
It's me who's asking. Jimmy.
- Yeah. it is.
- Mm-hm.
Hey. don't call him.
It's 9pm! I'll cop it!
I'm gonna follow this up
tomorrow. Jimmy.
Follow up what. but?
What. but?
VKB. Oscar 23.
Go ahead. Oscar 23.
Show this unit
clear of Deadloch Beach
and engaged heading to Hobart
to the mortuary.
Also show the Forensic Unit
and Mortuary Ambulance following us in.
Roger that.
To Trent!
To Trent.
Going the wrong way.
Hey!
You're going the wrong way!
Hobart's the other way!
Yeah. wait there. wait there.
- Yeah. you're clear now.
- Back. back. back.
Yeah come back. mate.
Back. back.
- To Trent.
- Trent.
Lace out. boys.
This is for you. coach!
Fuck. Ronny. You hit Coach!
Good morning.
Where's the detective?
Palpably not here.
Let's get started.
- Trent Latham was found at 5.30...
- Hey. what's the wi-fi password?
Ah. I can answer that.
It's lower case. all one word.
'three little pigs'.
Trent Latham was found at 5.35am
on Deadloch Beach.
He was naked
and without any personal effects.
So far there are no witnesses
and no suspect.
Autopsy is pending.
so cause of death is still unknown.
Was he strangled?
That is for the forensic pathologist
to decide. Constable.
I reckon Gavin did it.
He's a loose unit.
A solid centre-half forward
back in the day. though.
Like I said. we have no suspects.
Moving on.
You're on digital.
you are on documentation.
Abby. how did you go getting the footage
from Phil McGangus's boat?
- He hung up on me.
- OK. perfect.
Right. first things first...
Oh. fuck me! It's colder
than a witch's tit out there.
Ooh. Oh!
Oh! Hey. G'day.
- Ah. I'm sorry. You can't be here
- G'day. G'day.
- Sorry. you're not...
- Ah. Sven. can you...
- G'day. g'day. g'day. g'day.
- Excuse me. this is a restricted area.
Hang on a second.
My ears are blocked from the plane.
Oh!
- OK.
- Better. OK!
Detective Eddie Redcliffe
is my name.
I am from Darwin.
I'm running the show and I need a Coke.
Who wants to action that?
- Yep.
- Thank you.
- OK.
- Ah. Detective...
I am Senior Sergeant Collins.
Deadloch Police.
I didn't expect you to be
a w... w... arriving.
uh. when you did arrive. early.
and I started a briefing.
Ripper. Well. I'm here now.
so... resume regular programming.
Sergeant.
Senior. Ah. it's Senior Sergeant.
But I actually used to be
a detective. Detective.
Oh. yeah. One of them. are ya?
- Alright. dead man in Dead Lake.
- Ah...
- Loch. Loch.
- Yep. whatever.
Right. let's get this thing
over with. Now...
the first 24 hours of an investigation
are crucial so...
how long has shrivel dick
been dead for? Big Eyes?
Um. he was discovered
27 hours ago. ma'am.
Ah. right.
Well. you've fucked that up already.
haven't ya?
- Er...
- Ah. not to worry. Jason Statham.
Trent Latham.
What do we know about him? Big Eyes.
Um...
Don't look at her.
Ah. Trent was... is...
was Deadloch born and bred.
He was the boys' football coach.
He owned the Beast Factory
14-hour gym
and he lived upstairs with
his wife. Vanessa. and son. Dolph.
He was a self-described
fitness entrepreneur.
En... Entrepr...
- Um. he...
- Keep going. yeah. Keep going.
He used to work at the sawmill
before it got shut down.
The night he died he had tuna mornay...
Why?
His parents are dead.
He spat at me at a traffic stop once.
- I think he just didn't see me. though...
- Detective. all of the relevant...
Right. cause of death!
Well. that's easy.
I mean. look at the neck.
It is ringbarked.
But... how did it happen. you know?
We have some options. Yeah.
Maybe did it to himself.
You know. maybe it was a bit of
one of these?
You know. one of those...
Oh! You know?
"Oh. it's too hard!
Oh. no. it's too soft!"
You know?
Very popular way to go.
What do you reckon. Sarge?
Bit of a tug-gone-wrong?
Hmm.
I think that...
autoerotic...
asphyxiation can't be. uh...
conclusively ruled out
until after the autopsy.
But I feel that
from all the evidence that...
I'm tickling your sack.
He was strangled. So...
It's a small town.
he's a good-looking bloke.
He probably had a busy dick
and that's what got him whacked.
These the suspects?
Ah. no. that is Trent's family.
Think you need
a homicide refresher. mate.
It's always the family. right?
Uh... uh...
Right. who is the psycho
with the 25-page rap sheet?
That is Gavin Lathan.
Trent Latham's brother
and business partner...
and I doubt that he has
the nuance to pull this off.
Gavin Latham. look at the mug!
♪ Psycho Killer ♪
♪ Qu'est-ce que c'est ♪
♪ Fa-fa. fa-fa. fa-fa. fa-fa. fa. fa ♪
♪ You better run. run. run. run ♪
♪ Run. run. run away ♪
♪ Oh-oh. oh-oh! ♪
♪ Hi. ya. ya. ya! ♪♪
Then the guitar comes in. Ooh. yeah.
I'll have a hoon on that. Thank you.
Cath dropped off your lunch. too.
- I don't want that now.
- It's your lunch.
- I don't want it now.
- She dropped it off.
- Can you please put it...
- Alright. so psycho killer did it.
He killed his brother. so let's
get him in for questioning ASAP.
I want to get this thing wrapped up
in record-o time-o.
Alright! Fly. my piggies! Fly. fly. fly!
I've got an autopsy to get to.
Um. ah. the autopsy hasn't been
confirmed yet. Detective.
Mm! Um. yeah. it has.
They. ah. they called me direct.
Right. well. I'll accompany you. then.
Mmm!
No. no. you're right. Sarge.
You've probably got a stolen wheelbarrow
to find or something.
Big cop's in town now.
Alright. Big Eyes!
Come with me. I need a driver.
- Um...
- Come on!
- Keep me updated.
- Yes. ma'am.
Sorry. ma'am.
Dulce. Kevin the seal
is back on the foreshore.
So who would I delegate that to.
would you say?
I can take that. Sven.
That would be an absolute honour.
Wonderful. 'Cause I have to book
the detective into the Bush Wolf.
Like. this close to Feastival.
it's the only accommodation available.
It's $400 a night!
Good. That's good.
Can we turn off the jazz. please?
I said off...
So. time of death was
between 3 and 4am.
No foreign DNA on the body.
No fabric fibres.
ergo. it's been thoroughly cleaned.
The victim has sustained
some superficial cuts and bruising
consistent with a fist-fight
prior to TOD.
It's. ah. 'time of death'. yeah?
Toxicology report is pending.
but stomach contents reveal
his last meal was approximately
10 hours before death.
roughly 800g of steak.
Steak? Nothing else?
Nein. Just the rib-eye.
Minor blunt object trauma
to the underside of the skull.
Bruising and a small cut.
and I retrieved this shard of
pink ceramic from the wound.
Don't worry. it'll get tested.
Now. ah...
I know what you're thinking.
Detective. but...
...that wound is actually
far too shallow to kill him.
- I didn't think it did. mate.
- It's entirely superficial.
- Got it.
- Couldn't have killed him.
- Uh-huh.
- Too shallow.
So the actual cause of death.
Detective Inspector. is...
Strangulation.
There's conjunctival. petechial
haemorrhaging. facial oedema.
and the lacerations on the neck
suggest garrotting
with some kind of wire. OK?
See ya.
Ooh!
So close. Detective.
So close. but there's actually
a little...
...little detail that you missed.
Evans strangled her. boiled her.
then. over the next month.
this loving father ate his wife.
Oh. my God.
Ugh. have you met that
fuckin' Forensic Pathologist?
- Yeah.
- He's a fuckin' bell-end. honestly.
What an insufferable cunt!
Right. come on.
I need to get to the widow.
Oh. God.
is Adelaide always this cold?
I don't know. ma'am.
I've never been to Adelaide.
Yes. I understand
how a warrant works. Phil.
But if I'm requesting
a warrant for your camera.
then I may as well write up
the illegal number of craypots
Jimmy had on your boat last night and...
Yeah. that'd be incredibly helpful.
thank you. Phil.
Just drop the tapes at the station.
Why can't we use the leaf blower. Gez?
Because it's on the charge. sweetpea.
Dulcie. Kevin's
blocking the bridge again.
The Feastival lantern parade
goes over here tomorrow night.
What do you expect everyone to do?
Just...
Oh. just step over him. like
they're scissoring an aquatic turd?
Get your gun.
- What? No.
- Get your gun!
I'm not gonna get my gun. Aleyna.
We can just lure him off
with some food.
Oh. no we can't.
because your wife won't let us.
OK. then we shoo him away
like we did last time.
Come on. shoo. Kevin!
- Shhh!
- Piss off. Kevin!
Off you pop!
Oh. if I had been allowed to just
put him down after Rod Dixon died.
this wouldn't be happening right now.
Well. you know Mike Nugent.
He was still on the force
when Rod's body was found.
He said Rod's nose and lips
were chewed off
and his tongue was totally gone.
He's a monster.
Sorry. what are you two on about?
Kevin. Dulcie.
After Mayor Dixon drowned
in that boat accident.
his body washed up onto the beach
and Kevin ate his dead face off.
Sorry. Mayor Dixon's body
was found on the beach. too?
Yes. And it's like I said
in the pest control WhatsApp.
when those things get a taste
for our blood. we become their prey.
Kevin will kill one day. Dulcie.
And if it happens at my lantern parade.
and he eats a lesbian
from the mainland. that's on you.
Hey. sexy!
You're not feeding Kevin. are you?
It just encourages him.
Hi. Aleyna! How's your head?
I feel like I've been
in a washing machine.
I should not be driving!
You ready to go. my love?
Yeah. Yep.
Is it in?
What's going on around here?
North Pole hard rubbish?
It's for the Deadloch Winter Feastival.
It's a month of food. art...
- Is this us?
- Yes.
Hey. ma'am. would you mind
if I joined you?
Unless you usually work alone.
No. I. er. don't. Didn't.
- Suit yourself. Aggie.
- It's Abby. Thank you.
- I'm actually a huge true crime junkie.
- Don't talk.
OK.
She sounds like a wood-chipper.
Doctor-Mayor Rahme
prescribed her tranquilisers.
No worries.
I'll just have a little chat with you
until she wakes up.
So. um. remind me again.
What'd you lot get up to
on Friday night?
We. um. ate dinner. and then
everyone went to bed at 11pm.
And what was it th... that
you all had for dinner again?
Uh. tuna mornay.
Really? Tuna mornay.
Cream of the sea.
That's solid. That is...
That's a good hard table.
Is that oak. is it?
It's Anko.
Oak veneer.
What happened there?
Uh. I kicked that hole.
With my schoolbag.
What about this?
What's this. Doug?
- Uh. I'm Dolph.
- Don't lie to me.
I'm not.
Oops.
Sorry about that. I'm a bit of
a butter-fingers Barry today.
I should get back to
funeral preparations.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. Quick one.
Um...
what was your Mum
and Uncle Gavin's relationship like?
Good. Close. Normal.
Close to normal.
So I was thinking this paddock here
could be for regenerative farming.
We just need 400 ducks.
Cath. would a seal eat human flesh?
Is this about euthanising Kevin?
I've told Aleyna. Kevin is not
a man-eater. He eats fish.
And squid. and sausages
from the public barbecue.
Are you with me. love?
Yeah. sorry. love. I am.
I am... I am here...
in this paddock...
with the burnt sheep skull.
Yeah. well obviously this place
needs some work.
but if we don't move fast.
it's going to go to
some cashed-up climate migrant
from the mainland.
Just doesn't buying now reduce
our 10-year plan by roughly 10 years?
I am not turning 50 in a house
without a permanent compost system.
It's barbaric.
I know you don't like change. Dulce.
but it's time that we just start
thinking about our forever-Deadloch-home
to match our forever-Deadloch-life.
A place where we can...
grow old and die.
Oh gosh. I'm sorry. Sorry.
Ah. so sorry. Cath.
I do have to take this.
No probs. I'll just measure out
the dimensions of the Dog Motel.
Constable.
Sorry to bother you. ma'am.
but quick question.
Can you interview a minor
if their guardian is unconscious?
Ah. no. you cannot.
OK. and what about collecting evidence?
Do you need a warrant for that?
Did the detective collect
evidence without a warrant?
- Maybe.
- Unbelievable.
Sorry. this is all my fault. somehow.
Has she been to the crime scene?
Did she mention boats? The tide?
Um. we haven't been.
because she didn't want to
"freeze her nips off on a beach
"when she already knows it's the psycho killer
brother Gavin." Her words.
- Right. Big Eyes!
- I gotta go. I'll report back.
Sorry. love. That was...
Is that the detective?
What's he like? Is he a dick-swinger?
Yeah.
Yep. you could say that.
Oh. I'm glad he's arrived.
'cause I need you to help me
reinvigorate the worm farm tomorrow.
I'll have to show you the septic tank
another time. We'll be late.
- For what?
- Choir!
I need grub. What's the pub
situation in this town?
Um. the Bush Wolf is a gastro-pub.
Oh. I wouldn't be putting that
on a business card.
No. where does our mate Gavin go?
The Devil's Doorbell. but we don't..
- They do parmas?
- Yes. ma'am.
Good! I'm hungrier than
a bum in a G-string.
I actually grew up in Deadloch.
The town used to be all abalone fishing.
old-growth logging.
getting pregnant
and going through with it.
But since Ms Rahme became Mayor
five years ago. it's changed heaps.
We've got an arthouse cinema.
smart bins.
Also. the community's gotten
so much cooler.
We're full of gay people now.
Hi. Sharelle. how's it going?
OK.
What's the deal with
that forensic pathologist?
Oh. um. he's actually my...
Silver spoon wedged
so far down his throat
it was coming out his arsehole
like a little tail.
Lingua amputo.
No need for the Latin. mate.
You're not a botanist
on the First fuckin' Fleet.
I'm goin' for a piss.
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I love myself ♪
♪ Do. do. doo ♪
♪ I want you to love me ♪
♪ When I feel down ♪
♪ Do. do. doo ♪
♪ I want you above me ♪
♪ I search myself ♪
♪ Do. do. doo ♪
♪ I want you to find me ♪
♪ I forget myself ♪
♪ I want you to remind me ♪
♪ Doo. do. do. do. do. do. do ♪
♪ I don't want anybody else ♪
♪ When I think about you ♪
♪ I touch myself ♪
♪ Oh. I don't want anybody else ♪
♪ Oh. no. oh. no. oh. no...
I want you
I don't want anybody else
And when I think about you
I touch myself
Oh!
Ah!
♪ La! ♪
Sorry. honey.
I've got a bit of a headache.
I'm just gonna walk home.
But you stay. I'll be fine.
- Yeah. OK. sexy.
- OK.
I just... I haven't nailed
the orgasm break yet.
- Right. OK. I love you.
- Love you.
OK. And good luck with that. um.
with the orgasm.
♪ Oh. I don't want ♪
♪ I touch myself ♪
♪ Anybody else ♪
♪ When I think about you ♪
♪ I touch myself! ♪♪
- Yep?
- Another schooner.
You know Gavin Latham?
Looks like a cross between
a bulldog and a hammer.
Yeah. A bit.
A bit?
Well. I had a kid with him.
- Oh. yeah?
- He's a cunt.
Well. if you see him.
tell him I want a word.
Um. yeah. So. I'm working again.
I'm on a case in Tasmania.
Fuck me.
Uh... But yeah. once it's done.
I'll be back up north.
Fuck! You little fucker!
Um... Not you. Holly. Ah...
Yeah. I'll probably be back
this weekend.
You know. come over for a barbie.
Bring a bag of chops. yeah?
Like old times.
Well. not exactly like old times. but...
Yeah.
Alright! Toorah.
- Detective.
- Oh. fuck!
Can I have a word. please?
Detective. I believe that
there's a chance
that you're wrong about
Gavin Latham killing his brother.
Oh. yeah? Why's that?
I've become well acquainted
with Gavin over the last five years
and I question whether
he's capable of doing this.
For instance. there was
no evidence at the scene.
no footprints. no DNA. nothing
that would indicate that anything...
- This... has no door.
- What?
- Go in there. Sit down.
- In...
I um...
Ah...
Whoever killed Trent was careful
and... and considered. Intelligent.
Oh. bullshit.
Gavin's a suss cunt
and that widow's story's got
more holes in it than a swinger's party.
They're banging.
You know. from here
I get a full view of you
doing your business. A full view.
- What about the tongue. Detective?
- What?
Lingua amputo.
His tongue was missing.
Ohh! Is that what that means?
I thought it was a bit of this.
La. la. la. la. la. la...
- No.
- What's that?
That... That is cunnilingus.
Oh. well. Trent probably bit it off
when he was being strangled.
You know. pound for pound.
the human jaw
is stronger than a chimp's jaw.
Read that on the back of
a panty liner once. Look. sorry...
this has really disturbed me.
Is this toilet just decorative?
Do rich people not shit?
- What's this?
- It's a case file.
Five years ago.
Deadloch's Mayor. Rod Dixon.
washed up dead on the same beach
as Trent Latham.
His tongue was also missing.
- There are no photos.
- Exactly.
And according to this.
it was a boating accident.
he was fully clothed
and his tongue was eaten by a seal.
Jesus. what?
But the lack of photos shows that
protocol clearly wasn't followed.
so I am questioning the validity
of the police ruling on that.
And I'm questioning why
I'm standing in a haunted perve room
being shown a big bunch of nothing.
Look with all due respect. Detective.
I think that this is much bigger...
With all due respect?
Why do you give a shit. mate?
I give a sh... I...
care deeply. mate.
because you are investigating
the wrong person
and you are underestimating
whoever did kill Trent.
I believe that this is bigger than
one death.
I think that there is... a connection
between these two deaths.
and someone... the killer.
is still out there.
Oh. the killer! Listen. I get it.
You must be bored shitless
- writing parking tickets in this Arctic pisshole of a town...
- That is not it.
I am very fulfilled in this place.
and in my job.
But I am running this case. not you.
and tomorrow morning.
I'm booking Gavin Latham.
- That's not right.
- Oh. I agree.
I should be asleep.
In my bed. in Darwin.
Not chit-chatting to Sergeant Horse Hair
next to a fuckin' invisible bathroom.
Now let yourself out.
I am not touching that door again.
It is fucking cooked.
Commissioner Hastings.
Yeah. do you have a minute?
Collins. sir. With two Ls.
Ma'am. Phil McGangus just dropped off
- the security camera footage from his trawler.
- Mm-hm.
Maybe I'm more intimidating
than I thought.
- Watch it. tell me if you spot anything.
- OK.
Have you seen
the pest control WhatsApp?
Well. Kevin's back on the foreshore
and Aleyna wants you to
go down there with a taser.
- Now. we have...
- Senior Sergeant!
I just got off a phone call with
Commissioner What's-his-dick.
You'll never guess who's
working the case with me now!
Well. I spoke to
the Commissioner this morning
and he agreed with me
that I should stay on the...
That you should fuck all of my cavities
till I'm one big hole?
That I should continue to
work the case...
Big Eyes! Where's the brother?
I want to talk to him now.
He's not returning
any of our phone calls. ma'am.
Yeah. of course he's not.
He's a fuckin' murderer.
not your fuckin' nan.
You. drag that dick-nut in here.
We're charging him. Oh!
You cannot arrest a person
without evidence. Detective.
Get the stick out of your arse!
There's no need for you
to ride my dick this hard.
I'm not going to be in town long enough
for us to. you know. bump titties.
Sorry to break it to you.
but by midday today.
you're gonna be back
babysitting that walrus.
- It's a seal.
- Detective?
Yes.
I was just looking at the boat footage
and I think there's something
maybe you should see. Maybe?
Oh. bum. I've gone too far.
- I'll rewind.
- Mm-hm.
What are we doing here. guys?
Lack of liver mortis on the body
suggests that Trent was moved
after death.
and his position on the sand
suggests the killer
knew the high tide times
and used that to wash away
evidence from the body.
So Gavin dragged the body to
the beach for a little bath. Who cares?
No. no. Forensics combed
the foreshore. It wasn't disturbed.
I don't think that the killer
got there by land.
I think they transported Trent
to the beach by boat
to avoid detection.
It's like I said last night. Detective.
This killer is smart.
Did ya? I wasn't listening.
Abby! Do you need to get to
your wedding dress fitting?
I can stay.
No. it is OK. I do know how to
use a computer. Constable.
Don't... Oh.
OK.
- That is already plugged in.
- Oh fuck!
- Just press that!
- No. I am. I was going to.
- I am using the mouse to do that.
OK.
Whose fuckin' ute's that?
Gavin's. And that's the Pro-Bro boat.
- What. the sloop on the left?
- No. the one on the other side.
Who's this A-frame motherfucker?
That's Trent.
- What time is it?
- Ah. 22:56.
Oh. well. he should be at home
eating tuna mornay
and banging his missus.
Well. I am fuckin' shocked.
I need to drag that widow in.
Ooh. he's not a happy chappy.
is he?
There's something on that phone.
- Oh. it just went in the water.
- Who cares?
We're about to get front-row seats
to a fuckin' murder!
♪ Here we go. here we go. here we go! ♪
Can you just not...
♪ Here we go. here we go. here we go! ♪♪
Oh.
What is that?
It is two seagulls copulating.
Well. give them some privacy!
Fuckin' fast-forward!
- That is not the button.
- What does it?
- Don't. You have to...
- What does it? What does the thing?
Like that.
OK.
Well.
Looks like our brothers
took a little trip together.
Wonder what happened next. Sarge.
That was forensics.
The shard from Trent's head wound
matches a plate at the Latham's.
Oh. the plate that you stole.
The evidence that I collected
that shows the whole thing
started that night at their joint.
Oh. my God. you guys.
I just saw a leafy sea dragon!
- And what about Trent's phone. Sven?
- I can't see it.
But. then. I always knew that
Maldives scuba course would pay off.
and I fucked the instructor!
This is a fuckin' waste of time.
Forget the phone. We need to go
and arrest this dickshit now.
Well we need evidence
for any charges to stick. Detective.
Legally acquired evidence.
Sven. get back down there
and keep looking!
Alright. but. honestly.
I think you guys should get in here.
The ocean flora at Lutruwita
is just stunning. It's stunning!
Oi! I want a word with you.
Tell your cop mates
to stop harassing me.
I already told them I haven't seen Gavin
since he came into the Doorbell.
flopped his dick on the bar and left.
- When?
- Yesterday.
Oh. that rat-fucker's
up and bailed. hasn't he?
He still owes me six weeks
of fuckin' child support!
Oi. Cirque du Soleil. we need to
get to Gavin's joint now.
I got it!
Got Trent's phone.
Trent's last message
is from Gavin.
It says. "I want you. Vanessa.'“
- There's a photo. too.
- What is it?
- What am I looking at here?
- Hang on. I'm pulling over.
- Wait.
What is that?
Oh. OK. Well that. um...
that's Gavin's...
...penis. Um...
It was accidentally
sent to Trent's phone.
That was sent just before the fight.
Ha! So I was right.
Gavin and Vanessa
are bumping fuglies.
Senior Sergeant Collins.
we cannot locate
Vanessa and Dolph Latham.
I repeat. we cannot locate
Yeah. no shit. mate.
They're on a fuckin' discount flight
to Bali with Gavin.
You know. this is why you probably
didn't make a very good detective. mate.
You know. you just can't
go the extra mile like I can.
Hold on! Oi!
This is black gold. mate.
All units. keep a lookout
for Gavin Latham.
wanted in relation to
the death of Trent Latham.
Priors for family violence.
aggravated assault.
stalking and public urination.
Approach with caution. Approach...
This is mine!
Also... Also guys. g'day.
keep a lookout for accomplices
to the murder.
Ah. Vanessa Latham. approximately
five-two. four-eight. Blonde. Tits.
- And Dolphin Latham.
- Dolph! Dolph Latham.
Dolph Latham.
And how old's he. 10?
He is seven... He's 17.
That's better. Should we
put on some music. baby?
- Ooh yes. Taylor Swift...
- I got it. I got it. I got it.
Mm? Yeah? Smooth?
- Yeah. smooth.
- Yeah?
Definitely no phone. Dulce.
Lots of nangs. though.
Dulce?
Dulcie?
So. my old school did
a production of Rent in Year 9
and I played this guy called Roger.
He was like a drug addict
and had AIDS and depression...
Tombo. I know we've only been
friends for. like. five minutes.
but can I give you some feedback?
Enough with the musical theatre talk.
Keep your interests to yourself. yeah?
I don't bang on about being the
best footballer in Lutruwita. do I?
- Yes. you do.
- All the time.
Did Aunty Fay ground you?
Yeah. but she's not home now.
She's doing the Acknowledgement
of Country for that opening thing.
which I'm a bit shocked about.
given how much she swore last year.
- What are you doing?
- I'm looking for my earring.
I lost it here the other night.
Unless I left it...
Is that the Pro-Bro boat?
Where are they going?
You can take that in more.
That's just bloat.
- Vanessa!
- What?
- Sorry. babe. I'll be right back.
- Uh...
- Gavin. open...
- Oh. fuck! Fuck!
Oh. fuck!
Ugh... That was open.
Oi! This way!
No. Detective. this way!
We go this way.
Oh!
- Put your hands up!
- I'm not doin' nothin'!
Oh. fuck!
- Where's Gavin?
- This is my copper wire!
I don't care. Jimmy.
Where's Gavin?
I don't know! I haven't seen him
since yesterday night.
Detectives!
I think I've spotted Vanessa Latham.
She's headed to the Feastival opening.
- Tail her. Aggie. Tail her!
- Yes. ma'am.
Excuse me! Excuse me! Sorry.
Sorry. police! Excuse me. police!
♪ When I feel down ♪
♪ Do. do. doo ♪
I want you above me
♪ I search myself ♪
♪ Do. do. doo ♪
♪ I want you to find me ♪
♪ I forget myself ♪
♪ I want you to remind me ♪
♪ I don't want anybody else ♪
♪ When I think about you ♪
♪ I touch myself ♪
♪ Oh. I don't want anybody else ♪
♪ Oh. no. oh. no. oh. no ♪
♪ You're the one ♪
♪ Who makes me come running ♪
♪ Makes me come ♪
♪ You're the sun who makes me shine ♪
♪ Makes me shi-i-i-i-ine ♪
♪ When you're around.
I'm always laughing ♪
♪ Ha. ha. ha! ♪
♪ I wanna make you mine ♪
♪ I close my eyes
♪ And see you before me...
Vanessa's headed towards the beach.
past the Feastival stage!
What are you doing?
Th... There are people on the road!
We're cops!
Put your fuckin' thing on!
- OK. fine. Fine.
- Fuck.
♪ When I think about you
I touch myself ♪♪
OK.
Now I'd like to invite local
Palawa woman. Fay Hampson.
to perform the Welcome to Country.
Actually. Mayor Rahme.
this is not a Welcome to Country.
It's an Acknowledgement of Country.
I'm not welcoming any of you.
Coming through!
Hi Dulce! How'd you go with choir?
Well. enjoy
your food and culture festival.
I mean. it's no oldest-culture-on-earth.
but those lanterns are some
fun bit of bullshit. aren't they?
OK. bye. then.
She went that way!
- Follow us!
- Yes. ma'am!
Abby!
Who was that woman with Dulcie?
The detective?
He's a woman?
- Where the fuck is she?
- Dulcie!
Are you working on the case
and didn't tell me?
Oh. Cath. I'm in pursuit!
And you lied to me about the detective.
Why did you lie to me about her?
Vanessa! Stop right there!
Frig off! This is a memorial!
Just let us memorialise Trent in peace!
- Oh!
- What the fuck is this?
It's Gavin!
Gavin. no!
Everybody. get back!
Good girl. Good girl.
Detective.
Fuck my arse!
Lingua amputo.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm